Hello everyone and welcome to an introduction to machine learning you finally reached the second half
of this course which focuses a lot more on machine learning machine learning theory and how to implement
machine learning algorithms in our let's go ahead and get started it's an introduction to the section
of the Course or the second half of the course.
We're going to be using an introduction to statistical learning by Gareth James as a companion book
.
It's freely available online.
So let's go ahead and see how we can get it.
I'm going to go ahead and quickly hop to my browser to show you how you can get a free copy of an introduction
to mystical learning.
All right.
Here I am at Google.
All you have to do is Google search the term in capital letters.
I s l r enter.
And you should see the very first link be an introduction to school learning.
Click on that and then look for the link that says Get the book.
Go out and click on this and you can get a free copy of the book as a PDA.
From the official Web site Garreth James is a professor at USC and he makes this book freely available
as a PDA.
You can also purchase it if you want a physical copy but will just be using the PDAF as a companion
.
Once it's finished loading you should have PDA that looks something like this and this is the introduction
to school learning book with applications and are.
This is one of the best books to start learning about machine learning statistical learning is basically
just a more mathematical word for machine learning.
You scroll down there's tons of topics included in this book.
Let me go ahead and just show you the Table of Contents.
I'm going to hold it and zoom in here.
There's an introduction and then there's a definition of what statistical learning is for the second
chapter in the book.
Then there's discussions of the linear regression classification methods resampling methods linear model
selection regularisation etc..
Now keep in mind this book is pretty mathematical and you do need to have an understanding of how to
read statistical formulas in order to fully understand and appreciate everything that's in this book
.
All right.
So hopefully you have time to go ahead and download this PDA.
Again it's completely free and the author makes it freely available on the Web site and you can purchase
a physical copy if you like or prefer that.
Let me go ahead and jump back to the presentation.
All right.
Here we are back again and remember to get this free copy of the PDA.
All you have to do is Google search the term I s l r and you should find this as the first link and
then click on get book as PDA or you can just probably google search introduction to Mystikal learning
.
Then again the first thing that pops up in google will be the link to get this book.
Now there's probably going to be two types of students continuing on to the machine learning section
of this course.
There's going to be students who want the mathematical theory and they should do the reading that's
assigned throughout the machine learning sections and lectures of the course.
Then there's probably students who just want life theory and are more interested in our applications
and how to code out these algorithms and are for these students you should just be fine with the general
light theory presentation given before each machine learning lecture.
However I would highly recommend that you still try to do the reading.
That's it's really going to boost your understanding of machine learning algorithms.
If you are interested in doing the reading go ahead and read chapters 1 and 2 to gain a background understanding
before continuing on to the machine learning lectures.
That means after you finish watching this lecture video.
Go ahead download the introduction to the school learning book and read chapters 1 and 2.
A lot of the theory in mathematics are explained extremely well in that book and I always recommend
to my students to actually read through and understand the SLR book.
Let's go ahead and continue our discussion of machine learning by just talking about in general.
Machine learning is and we can expect to learn in the second half of this course.
Machine learning is a method of data analysis that automates analytical model building using algorithms
that it's really learned from data.
Machine learning allows computers to find the hidden insights without being explicitly programmed where
to look.
Now you may be wondering what is machine learning used for machine learning has so many applications
that I can't fit them all this slide.
But a few of them are things like fraud detection real time ads that are relevant to users on web pages
prediction of equipment failures network intrusion detection e-mail spam filtering financial modeling
tech sentiment analysis recommendation engines and so much more let's talk about the general machine
learning process this is the process we're going to be implementing as we learn how to do machine learning
with our first play to acquire our data.
These will be C S V files for the most part or built in data frames or data sets and are throughout
the rest of this course.
What you have acquired that data will need to clean that data and will need to do some exploratory data
analysis.
This step is heavily emphasized in the machine learning exercise projects throughout this course.
Then after that you will go ahead and split that clean data into test data and training data.
Then you will train a machine learning model on your training data.
Once you've trained the model what you're going to do is test your model on the test data that you went
ahead and split off your clean data.
This allows you to accurately evaluate your model since that machine learning model has actually seen
that test data yet.
And then you can go ahead and repeat this process to your model until you're satisfied with it.
Once you're satisfied with the testing of your model you can go ahead and deploy your model.
Let's talk about the three major types of machine learning algorithms.
Well first start with supervised learning supervised learning algorithms are trained using labeled examples
such as an input where the desired output is known.
For example a piece of equipment could have data points labeled either F or failed or R for runs the
learning algorithm receives a set of inputs along the corresponding correct outputs which are the labels
and then the algorithm learns by comparing its actual output with the correct outputs to find errors
that then modifies the model accordingly.
That means supervised learning can take in data that is labeled through methods like classification
regression prediction and gradient boosting supervised learning uses patterns to predict the values
of the label on additional unlabeled data.
And that's your test data.
The stuff that's unlabelled you're either trying to predict or figure out a label like classification
for supervised learning is commonly used in applications where historical data predicts likely future
events.
For example it can anticipate when credit card transactions are likely to be fraudulent or which insurance
customer is likely to file a claim and will actually do machine learning projects.
We deal with insurance information supervised learning can also be used to attempt to bring that the
price of a house based on different features for houses for which if historical price data.
Now let's talk about unsupervised learning unsupervised learning is used against data that has no historical
labels.
The system is not told the correct answer.
It doesn't know the correct label.
The algorithm must figure out what is being shown.
The goal with unsupervised learning is to explore the data and find some sort of structure within the
data itself.
The main difference between unsupervised learning and supervised learning is that with supervised learning
algorithms need labelled data unsupervised learning tries to find the label for unisons it has data
that has no historical labels.
Unsupervised learning can also find the main attributes that separate customer segments from each other
.
As an example of a use case popular techniques for self organizing maps nearest neighbor mapping k means
clustering is singular valued composition.
Are all examples of unsupervised learning processes.
These algorithms are also used to segment text topics recommend items and identify data outliers so
things such as natural language processing and use unsupervised learning methods.
Finally we'll talk about reinforcement learning reinforcement learning is often used for things such
as robotics gaming and navigation with reinforcement learning the algorithm discovers through trial
and error which actions yield the greatest rewards.
This type of learning has three primary components.
The agent which is the learner or decision maker the environment everything the agent interacts with
and actions what the agent can do.
The objective is for the agent to choose actions that maximize the expected reward over a given amount
of time and then the agent will reach the goal much faster by following a good policy.
Don't worry too much about reinforcement learning for now will cover it much more in detail when we
actually get to neural nets which are going to be our example of reinforcement learning at the very
end of this course.
And again the goal in reinforcement learning is to learn the best policy.
Let's talk about machine learning and this course and how we're actually going to approach each of these
topics for each algorithm or machine learning topic you're going to have a reading assignment based
off of the introduction to statistical learning book that means at the very beginning of the theory
lecture I'm going to give you a reading assignment.
Again I would highly recommend you do the reading assignment but if you're just interested in the light
theory and application of our you could possibly skip over the reading assignment.
However I wouldn't recommend that.
Then after you do the reading assignment I'll give you a very light overview of the theory.
Then we have a demonstration lecture with our showing you a demonstration of how you can actually use
the machine learning algorithm we just talked about in the theory lecture with our programming then
you'll have a machine learning project assignment.
This is an assignment similar to the training exercises you've already done.
You'll be given a data set and you'll be having to follow certain tasks and eventually perform some
sort of machine learning algorithm on that topic.
Then once you've attempted that machine learning project will go ahead and do an overview of solution
a walkthrough for that particular project.
Let me go ahead and give you a real tour of the machine learning notes and how to approach the machine
learning notes for this section of the course.
I want to go ahead and jump to the notes.
Now here I am at the notes and I want to point out that there's two folders that are going to be relevant
for the machine learning half of this course.
There's the machine learning with our folder and then there's again the training exercises folder which
you can do as you approach each new machine learning topic.
You'll get a machine learning with R and then you'll see a bunch of HVM l files that correspond to that
particular topic.
For instance the very first one is going to be the linear regression lecture.
These actual notebooks correspond with the application with our lecture.
Let me show an example or linear regression.
You'll first see a reading assignment for linear regression after you've done that assignment then you'll
get a very light theory lecture on linear regression.
Once you've done that you'll see linear regression with our lecture and that's going to be me walking
you through how to actually do linear regression with R.
And that means if you go ahead and double click on this linear regression lecture file you'll get something
that looks like this.
And again they'll be a little note saying asking you to watch the entire video linear regression and
the reading assignment of Eissler before continuing.
And I always recommend doing the reading assignment and then this lecture.
What we end up doing is getting some data and this will be student performance data from UC Irvine machine
learning repository that will learn a lot more about.
And you can go ahead and check out all the code that I will be walking through.
As far as the machine learning projects go now this is not a training exercise.
You have no questions to answer here.
This is just a reference for text information such as markdown explanations or what's actually going
on step by step.
And then the actual code.
That way if you ever any questions on what I'm doing you can go ahead and reference this notebook which
has a lot of descriptions and extra explanatory information as to what I'm actually performing in the
lecture video.
And you can go ahead and grab this code and copy and paste it into our studio.
All right.
That's what the notebooks are.
And they also see me do some visualizations that explain every step of the way.
We'll talk about building a model train and test data how to do all this.
This is in the machine learning with our section of the course.
These are the lecture notebooks that correspond to the lectures that say a machine learning algorithm
with R..
Once you've done that lecture you'll go ahead and begin your training exercises.
Let me go ahead and hop back to the notes to show you how to use those.
All right.
Here I am back at the notes.
Once you've done a light theory lecture and the machine learning with our lecture you'll get a machine
learning project lecture and those notebooks you can find under the training exercises folder.
Machine learning projects folder.
And you'll notice you have three files for all projects and they'll project solutions and emal projects
assignments.
So for example once you've done the reading assignment for little linear regression lecture seen the
light theory video for linear regression and seeing the lecture video showing you how to perform Linaria
Russian with R..
You'll have your first M-L project or machine learning project when you're looking for that notebook
.
You just come to training exercises.
Machine learning projects.
Click on this folder machine learning projects assignments and you'll see here the linear regression
project or whatever algorithm project that corresponds to whatever lecture you're on.
May go ahead and click on one of these to show you what they look like.
For example the linear regression project notebook is a notebook here that explains just like your training
exercise notebooks in the past to follow some instructions.
The background for the project.
What the data looks like and you essentially just follow the Bouldon instructions and try to go as far
as you can without referencing the solutions.
If you ever get stuck you can feel free to reference a solution.
Look in this example for little linear regression project.
We go ahead and use a bike sharing data set from Kaggle dot com.
And if you don't know how the dot com is.
Don't worry I'll explain that once we get to the sexual project.
But basically just come here.
Check out the M-L project notebook for the assignment and try your best to complete all the tasks that
the notebook asks for you to do what you've gotten as far as you can.
You go ahead and check out the solutions book.
Let's go ahead and jump back to the notes.
All right.
Here in the notes you can go to M-L projects that solutions and you'll see corresponding solutions notebooks
for each of these projects.
And there's also a full video of me walking you through step by step of the solutions for this project
.
If you ever want data that's used the machine learning projects you can either download them the data
sets follow the instructions in the notebooks or you can click here on CSB files for M-L projects and
all the data you need is available here as CSP files.
Don't worry about this little Excel diagram that's just because I'm on Windows right now.
Even if using a macro Linux will be CSP files so you can use them as well.
All right let's go ahead and quickly hop back to the presentation.
All right so we've learned how the second half of this course approaches machine learning.
And we've gotten a brief tour of the machine learning notes a couple of final notes before we continue
on to our first linear regression topic.
I want you to know that machine learning takes time to learn as a student.
You should be patient with yourself and feel free to post the Q8 forums if you ever feel lost.
Remember the students and I are here as a community to help you through this.
You should also know that no one singular course can be a reference for all machine learning topics
but I'm always happy to point you in the right direction for other resources.
If you're curious about other machine learning topics.
With that being said lets go ahead and start using our for machine learning by starting off by learning
about linear regression.
Thanks everyone.
Now I will see you at the next lecture.